# README

Knowledge test of ğ™ğ™©ğ™¤ğ™§ğ™¬ğ™šğ™¡ğ™¡
https://www.ğ™ğ™©ğ™¤ğ™§ğ™¬ğ™šğ™¡ğ™¡.com/careers/software-developer

## Quiz 1

Write a function in C that takes the inputs N, and M, and returns the series
of squares that can be made out of that piece of paper. No fractional squares,
i.e. no square should be less than 1 in length and width.

### Answer

We could simply use Greedy Algorithm to solve problems.

Please reference the soure codes in `Q1/`

## Quiz 2

### 2.a)

First task is to find function f(Ai) using these sets of points in the spreadsheet.
Reference spreadsheet: [HERE](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MmruzOui-GdlbqTF2s74VERX_5c_eT2VkXhGK5BUDUg/edit#gid=0)

#### Answer

f(Ai) is a function that converts decimal numbers to 62-based numbers. The 62
symbols contain 0 to 9, a to z, and A to Z. However, the increasing order of
the symbols is not like 0, 1, 2, 3, and so on, so We need to find out the
true order among these symbols.

As Ai and y are one-to-one, we could simply rebuild the mapping table
generated by the `quiz2.c` program with the spreadsheet.

The mapping table is as below:

```
0=C,    1=7,    2=x,    3=i,    4=c,    5=P,    6=M,    7=G,
8=v,    9=z,    10=A,   11=Z,   12=y,   13=T,   14=N,   15=o,
16=d,   17=m,   18=w,   19=n,   20=V,   21=5,   22=D,   23=3,
24=B,   25=6,   26=H,   27=0,   28=O,   29=u,   30=p,   31=8,
32=E,   33=2,   34=1,   35=W,   36=9,   37=s,   38=q,   39=L,
40=Q,   41=X,   42=4,   43=Y,   44=j,   45=S,   46=e,   47=U,
48=h,   49=I,   50=R,   51=J,   52=g,   53=a,   54=f,   55=F,
56=t,   57=r,   58=K,   59=l,   60=b,   61=k,
```

### 2.b)

What would be the output for the following inputs?
1. ğ’‡ï¼ˆï¼“ï¼ï¼ï¼ï¼‘ï¼‰ = ?
2. ğ‘“ï¼ˆï¼•ï¼•ï¼•ï¼•ï¼•ï¼‰ = ?
3. ğ’‡ï¼ˆï¼—ï¼—ï¼—ï¼˜ï¼˜ï¼‰ = ?

#### Answer

1. ğ’‡ï¼ˆï¼“ï¼ï¼ï¼ï¼‘ï¼‰ = GIF
2. ğ‘“ï¼ˆï¼•ï¼•ï¼•ï¼•ï¼•ï¼‰ = NOi
3. ğ’‡ï¼ˆï¼—ï¼—ï¼—ï¼˜ï¼˜ï¼‰ = VNQ

### 2.c)

What is the upper limit or maximum range of this function before there will be
collisions or overflow?

#### Answer

There is no upper limit or maximum range in this function before any collisions
or overflow.

### 2.d)

Please share any code that you write in the process of solving the above
problems.

#### Answer

Please reference the soure codes in `Q2/`
